the first time on three in the Vans
Triple Crown of skateboarding in
Vancouver
has come a long way since back of the
plaza of Nations where Kareem Campbell
on sketchy boring one in Street and
Canadian vert technician Colin McKay one
and Burt also it is become an event that
showcases a lot of new talent Ryan
Sheckler came here two years prior to
winning this event in 2003 just a
session as a jam in Street BMX and all
that other stuff you know it's strictly
skating this contest is gnarly like
Geoff Rowley I haven't seen him at a
contest for a while he's here it's great
everyone's a surprise to watch
everyone's got something different to
offer so the prank scheckler checkers
the pre-made watch fort he can do with
his size on a skateboard
no other kid his size is doing that he's
amazing he's a prodigy job man feels
great to come back just watch him buddy
just watch them what they're doing seen
seen the lines and everything and put a
line together yesterday so hopefully I
feel really good I feel like I'm skating
like it was last year so hopefully I can
have a repeat of last year when we come
back to Vancouver we will see how 14
year old Ryan Sheckler
fares up on this year Street course
oh this is this is crazy I remember just
growing up watching those guys like
these guys are the man you know I look
up to now on the same team it's like
film for the same video just it's
amazing you know and the new team it
just it's doing so good like hit
yourself so we kids come to me just
Stoke I'm just I didn't know what to say
I'm just mind-boggling like yes like
this is so awesome you know
and the youngest ever to win slam city
Jam last year 13 year old Ryan Sheckler
yeah man last year was was amazing in
the pre qualifiers I got first and so
went straight through into the finals
and then the finals just was having so
much fun stock my run did everything I
wanted to do and some more and I won
he's great it's fun
definitely forever and we'll remember it
also because last year he won best
overall street rider at the Vans Triple
Crown series and he was only 13 years
old almost more shocking was the fact
that he was unbeatable until that Triple
Crown so current look at the standings
after the first runs and we will be
right back from Vancouver with more
street at the Vans slam city jam right
after this
every skateboard has art on it and a lot
of skateboarders are artists as well
just just happens another one so that's
we have an art gallery we just wanted to
do what we like skateboarding in art so
it worked out really well it's like New
York shows every month
rickwaa cranks skating believes
creativity and you can hear an audible
difference the local Canadian skaters
showing their support for his skating
and his store anti-social crank started
skating back in 87 in Ottawa but now
residing in Vancouver the facts I Smith
how does current world champion rate
Lutzke stay calm during competition like
I just try to be my own zone you know I
throw my headphones just kind of like
forgettable everyone else like watching
me and just kind of just skate you know
I just worry about skating like not
really think about all the people and
the noun sirs and contests it's just
kind of like I just want to go skate and
have fun and throw my headphones listen
music I want to listen to and just kind
of just be in my own zone and you know I
mean that's I think that's how I do it
like do the best I can you know no
pressure nothing so yes that's a little
secret well the secret's out Gregg his
difficult moves and originality netted
him the highest score so far in the
competition it was on to another crazy
consistent skater Paul Rodriguez a young
skater at 19 interest Healey enough was
able to find inspiration from his famed
comedian father when I was first younger
and first time to come he wasn't too
into it like son you know that you can't
skate your way through life once I got
in a video game he was like you know
what son you proved me wrong you know
and now he's super psyched he's happy
for me and now it's just all great so it
was good motivation though when he
didn't believe me but but his parents
didn't when he first came up so
and ball blazing his own path in life
and on the street course been on his
second run it was on to a final skater
ride scheckler who is hoping to repeat
what he did last year
I'm like stressing on the first run and
I fall then the second run sometimes it
kind of gets to me and it takes me some
of my tricks like a little bit sloppier
because I'm going to bottom too much but
really I'm just having fun
and Sheckler definitely turn it on big
backside air over the hip on his second
run
run-scorer 91 so it was final here's a
look at the standings after the second
runs Ryan Sheckler in third row deal
junior grabs second and Greg Lutz got
his biggest wheel off two of the trick
fell on earlier on the second run feeble
grind that frontside tailslide scheckler
put it together where it counted
unfortunately in the end sheckler's
second run could not outshine break lutz
cos 92 sheckler's